your relationship with your subordinates should be respectful, but you
need to be approachable. If they have a problem, you need to be available.
That's part of the nature of being in the military, and it's
one of the unique things about being in the military. Not only are
you concerned about the professional aspects of someone's life, you're
you need to be concerned about the personal side of, uh, your subordinates
life. If they have trouble, that means you're gonna They're
gonna have trouble If they have trouble at home. That means they're
probably have trouble work. They're very dealing with things outside
of work. Then you know they can't be there to do their job. It sounds
it sounds very. Perhaps, you know, non altruistic Thio. Reach out
to somebody and try and help them just because you want them built
a work. But it doesn't really come across that way. I mean, naturally,
I think humans care about other humans just because, and that's
the type of thing you need to inculcated in your in your command or
just leadership position. So you need to be approachable. You need
to show that you care about your subordinates But you also need to show
that there's going to be disciplined in your unit and there are
various ways that you could do that.